feat: add PHP documentation (#2775)
odigos-io/odigos: docs/instrumentations/php/native.mdx

---
title: 'Automatic Instrumentation'
sidebarTitle: 'Native'
icon: 'php'
---

<Info>

>   Native Instrumentation is currently the default setting of Odigos **Open-Source** version.
> 
>   eBPF-Based Instrumentation is currently not supported for this language.

Reviewer: suggestion: make it more positive and shorter:

```suggestion
  This language instrumentation is using OpenTelemetry native-php SDK and instrumentation libraries.
```

I think we can improve in other languages as well later on, but let's start with php 🎉

</Info>

## Supported Versions

> The minimal supported version of PHP is **8.0.0**.

Reviewer: same as above, mention latest version we support, and we can update the docs once 8.6 or any other future version is pulled into our php agent.

<Warning>
  - PHP version **8.0** has been deprecated and is no longer supported by the PHP team.<br />
    Instrumentation libraries support for this version have all reached end-of-life.

  - PHP version **8.1** has limited library support and will be the next version to be deprecated.

  - PHP version **8.2+** is the recommended version for new projects.

> </Warning>

Reviewer: like 🥇
